Okay, so we're almost done here.
We're on our final step.
Step 4 of protecting the endpoints
in the Spring Security configuration class.
All right, so let's go ahead and move into our code here.
And we're going to create a new class in the config package.
We choose New Java Class
and we give the name,
SecurityConfiguration.
Give me one second here,
I'll expand my window.
And I'll annotate this with @Configuration.
And then we'll have this class extend the Spring Security,
webSecurityConfigurerAdapter class.
And what we'll do here is we'll override a method,
configure for the
http security parameter.
So I'll just go ahead
and use the IDE to generate a given method for me.
So I'm going to override/implement.
And I'll select the method here
configure that has the http security parameter.
Okay, great.
So I have a stub for this method in place now.
That's good.
And the main thing I want to do in this method here
is protect the end point for /api/orders,
so securing the back end.
So I set up the authorized requests.
I'll set up my antMatchers
for the given endpoint
/api/orders**.
So apply this to this current path
and all sub paths recursively.
.authenticated means only for the authenticated users.
We'll form and here for the OAuth2ResourceServer.
So this adds the Resource Server support.
And then the .JWT
for processing JWT bearer tokens.
So again, here we're protecting the end point
that's only accessible to the authenticated users.
And then we're configuring OAuth2 Resource Server support.
And then finally, we're enabling
the JWT-encoded bearer token support.
So reading that information
coming across in that request header.
And one other item here is I'll add support
for the CORS filters.
So I just make use of http.cors.
And that's basically it here
for the initial coding here for our security configuration.
So this looks really good.
I'm happy with the work that we've done so far.